Hi friends
In this video we are going to discuss about passing a union into a function
So consider this programme We have a union with members i and f
and there is a user defined function fun
here it's It's prototype we need to write Union followed
by the union name
And in Main we are declaring a union variable d
and in d value for Member
i is set to 100
Now we call function fun and by passing d
So as we call a function by passing a variable
we can call functions by passing union
Also. Here d is the argument and
obj is the parameter now we print value of i
of obj here and we will get 100
printed
And even if any changes made to a union member it will
not be reflected in the original location since only a
copy of the union is sent to the function
So that's all and thank you for watching this video